[Feat] Enable `header` and `footer` inside `Graph`, `Table` and `AgGrid` (#669)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/title-header-footer.md

> # How to add titles, headers and footers
> 
> This guide explains how to add titles, headers, and footers to your components in Vizro.

Reviewer: Is this okay? 
```suggestion
# How to add title, header and footer

This guide explains how to add title, header, and footer to your components in Vizro.
```

Author: Singular
